
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000730                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   729906500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  729906500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              158517498                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 277860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 76606                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 79713                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 76745                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 78087                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 75189                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 77277                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 77630                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 79795                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               621042                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       386688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5350                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5335                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5338                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5543                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5476                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5444                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5451                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            430089                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  11106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5335                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                104953169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                109209878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                105143604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                106982196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                103011824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                105872464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                106356088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                109322221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               850851445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         529777444                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                 7329706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                 7309155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 7313265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                 7594123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 7485890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                 7502331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                 7458490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                 7468080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              589238485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         529777444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               112282875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               116519034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               112456869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               114576319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               110497714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               113374795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               113814578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               116790301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1440089929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99153                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54942                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.884164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.582460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      393.884164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.769305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           24086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1008804376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1008804376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    935467464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    935467464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1944271840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1944271840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1944271840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1944271840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.807696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.956971                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956971                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.861250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.861250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 27763.984478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27763.984478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38838.639209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38838.639209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32178.743152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32178.743152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32178.743152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32178.743152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1068204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.308100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        24086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    953224016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953224016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    898871386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898871386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1852095402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852095402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1852095402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852095402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    743740324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    743740324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1921383275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1921383275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   2665123599                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2665123599                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.807696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.956971                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956971                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 26234.319967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26234.319967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 37319.247115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37319.247115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 30653.173599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30653.173599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 30653.173599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30653.173599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54938                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.468790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      394.468790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.770447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338150                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1017715976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017715976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    924313604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    924313604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1942029580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1942029580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1942029580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1942029580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.807731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.952906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.859408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.859408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 27816.327548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27816.327548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 38745.540074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38745.540074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32129.933657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32129.933657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32129.933657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32129.933657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1075887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62059                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.336518                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    961736168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    961736168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    888050076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888050076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1849786244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1849786244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1849786244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1849786244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    753708733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    753708733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1923800282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1923800282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   2677509015                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2677509015                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.807731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.952906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 26286.281138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26286.281138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 37225.439135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37225.439135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 30603.812584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30603.812584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 30603.812584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30603.812584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99515                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55356                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.491739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      394.491739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.770492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           24017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1013968188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013968188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    926155084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    926155084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1940123272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1940123272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1940123272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1940123272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.806810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.859281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.859281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 27824.164096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27824.164096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 38562.480077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38562.480077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32089.900131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32089.900131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32089.900131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32089.900131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1067763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.333534                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        24017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    958233322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958233322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    889641050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889641050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1847874372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847874372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1847874372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847874372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    744958366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    744958366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1919549279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1919549279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   2664507645                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2664507645                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.806810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 26294.751166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26294.751166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 37042.138902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37042.138902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 30564.090905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30564.090905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 30564.090905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30564.090905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99509                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55322                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22357                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.352238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      394.352238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.770219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1024295614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024295614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    922064777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    922064777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1946360391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1946360391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1946360391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1946360391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.806999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.951263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.858297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.858297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27954.903360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27954.903360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38690.197088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38690.197088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32185.609958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32185.609958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32185.609958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32185.609958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1061792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.284584                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    968238306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968238306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    885855695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885855695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1854094001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854094001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1854094001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854094001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    733819505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    733819505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1976786114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1976786114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   2710605619                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2710605619                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.806999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.951263                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951263                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 26424.996752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26424.996752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 37170.849908                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37170.849908                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 30659.864750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30659.864750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 30659.864750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30659.864750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99688                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55538                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.788113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.602219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      391.788113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.765211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4               10059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total              10059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4              10059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total             10059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           24000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1007698293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007698293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    930213172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    930213172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1937911465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1937911465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1937911465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1937911465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.803869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.803869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.857070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.857070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 27746.524946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27746.524946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 38758.882167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38758.882167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32128.244720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32128.244720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32128.244720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32128.244720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1066740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.306251                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        24000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    952156937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    952156937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    893690718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    893690718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1845847655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1845847655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1845847655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1845847655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    748268844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    748268844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1945456088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1945456088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   2693724932                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2693724932                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.803869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.857070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.857070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 26217.218377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26217.218377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 37237.113250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37237.113250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 30601.937316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30601.937316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 30601.937316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30601.937316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98777                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55102                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.368473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.597411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      394.368473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.770251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1017800983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017800983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    926597102                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    926597102                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1944398085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1944398085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1944398085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1944398085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.806415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.858147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.858147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 27802.692936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27802.692936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 38908.129414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38908.129414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32179.767390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32179.767390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32179.767390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32179.767390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1064852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.303694                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    961777191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    961777191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    890427492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890427492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1852204683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852204683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1852204683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852204683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    736504009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    736504009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1948720715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1948720715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   2685224724                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2685224724                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.806415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 26272.322744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26272.322744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 37389.355112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37389.355112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 30653.967579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30653.967579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 30653.967579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30653.967579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99339                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55520                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.263413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      393.263413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.768093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           24126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1008730718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1008730718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    936995994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    936995994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1945726712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1945726712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1945726712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1945726712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.804978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.858434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.858434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 27723.807008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27723.807008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 38837.602338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.602338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32154.925749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32154.925749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32154.925749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32154.925749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1063684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.283029                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        24126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    953086366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953086366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    900293024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    900293024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1853379390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853379390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1853379390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853379390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    738599910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    738599910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1965255677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1965255677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   2703855587                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2703855587                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.804978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 26194.485805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26194.485805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 37316.298765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37316.298765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 30628.801210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30628.801210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 30628.801210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30628.801210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99565                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55051                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.642544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.582093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      394.642544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.770786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1023029462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1023029462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    929610099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    929610099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1952639561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1952639561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1952639561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1952639561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.808737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.954438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.860639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.860639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 27924.920486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27924.920486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 38858.424905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38858.424905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 32244.122346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32244.122346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 32244.122346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32244.122346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1066072                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61535                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.324645                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    966974672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966974672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    893289987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    893289987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1860264659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860264659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1860264659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860264659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    731988929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    731988929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1960595657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1960595657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   2692584586                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2692584586                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.808737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.954438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 26394.832046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26394.832046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 37340.215985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37340.215985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 30718.726824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30718.726824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 30718.726824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30718.726824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    12974                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  782.339791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     149980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    13746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.910810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     728.962494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.892190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.186949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.375204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.806314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.399875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.389081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             6.432209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.895475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.711877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.764004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1963370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1963370                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  85605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           75955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                75955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  335                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  339                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  335                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  336                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  325                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  325                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2692                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1953                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1945                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1922                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1952                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1895                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15383                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  100988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 100988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1941                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1876                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1955                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1959                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1992                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1968                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15600                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              35258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 40754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                40754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        40741945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        44011935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        41982431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        42625443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        40765941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        42066438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        41647921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        44074423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337916477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     57100999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     55902999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     53747499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     56068000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     57148499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     57843500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     58231500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     56606999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    452649995                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     243244959                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     240870461                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     239571460                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     239260458                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     242194954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     240150463                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     242838464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     239503467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1927634686                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        283986904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        284882396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        281553891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        281885901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        282960895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        282216901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        284486385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        283577890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2265551163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       283986904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       284882396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       281553891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       281885901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       282960895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       282216901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       284486385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       283577890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2265551163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              91101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        75955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            75955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2321                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2316                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18292                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6307                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              141742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             141742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.058906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.061658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.060644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.060725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.058777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.060169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.059172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.062560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.060329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.855666                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.851316                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.848485                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.851262                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.851852                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.845855                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.859732                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.858264                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.852832                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.695034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.693701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.695066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.691139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.702155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.698440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.698475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.695893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.696234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.288053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.286515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.287653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.284999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.288070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.287390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.289131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.288388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.287522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.288053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.286515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.287653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.284999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.288070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.287390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.289131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.288388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.287522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 60808.873134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 62076.071932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 61198.879009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61331.572662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 60844.688060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61500.640351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 62161.076119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 61902.279494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61484.075146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28751.761833                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 28801.132921                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 28650.052772                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29156.526261                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 29231.968798                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 29527.054620                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 29232.680723                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 28763.719004                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29016.025321                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 54649.507751                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 54681.148922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54684.195389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54775.745879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54646.875903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54716.441786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54656.417736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54569.028708                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54672.264054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55455.361062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55706.373876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55566.191237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55675.666798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55460.779106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55631.165188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55639.817133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55592.607332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55590.890784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55455.361062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55706.373876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55566.191237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55675.666798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55460.779106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55631.165188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55639.817133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55592.607332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55590.890784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             10498                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     1439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7.295344                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6042                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6042                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu7               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              23                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1985                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1941                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1876                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1922                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1955                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15597                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         35235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     32455941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     35292936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     33520926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     34166439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     32539439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     33571932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     33370421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     35357421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270275455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     83067491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     81344988                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     78653997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     80593493                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     81980984                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     82268488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     83402478                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     82404992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    653716911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    189131446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    187405945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    186408946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    186284944                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    188429940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    186911948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    188992946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    186252939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1499819054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    221587387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    222698881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    219929872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    220451383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    220969379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    220483880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    222363367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    221610360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770094509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    221587387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    222698881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    219929872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    220451383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    220969379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    220483880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    222363367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    221610360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770094509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    412646911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    419015931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    413234441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    407408946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    415648431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    408376439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    410035928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    406831940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3293198967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    229215970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    228786954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    227259971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    236423452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    233573451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    234334469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    233635458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    232899980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1856129705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    641862881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    647802885                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    640494412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    643832398                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    649221882                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    642710908                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    643671386                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    639731920                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5149328672                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.058203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.061310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.059936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.060376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.058163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.059553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.058465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.062121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.855235                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.851316                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.848485                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.850819                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.851852                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.845855                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859732                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857828                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852668                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.694097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.692913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.694590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.690981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.701838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.698122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.698161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.695576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.287265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.286010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.287028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.284717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.287561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.286880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.288566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.287992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.287000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.287265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.286010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.287028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.284717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.287561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.286880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.288566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.287992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 49027.101208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 50060.902128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 49440.893805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49444.918958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 49079.093514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 49589.264402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 50408.490937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50010.496464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49637.365473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 41847.602519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 41908.803709                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41926.437633                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41932.098335                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 41934.007161                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 41995.144461                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41868.713855                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 41893.742755                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41912.990383                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42549.256693                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42592.260227                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42578.562357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42657.417907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42534.975169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42605.869159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42556.394055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42455.650558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42566.171534                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43388.953789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43623.678942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43498.787975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43584.694148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43386.879835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43539.470774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43575.027827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43504.193168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43512.647714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43388.953789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43623.678942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43498.787975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43584.694148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43386.879835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43539.470774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43575.027827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43504.193168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43512.647714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        123330                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       121282                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               84079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            58662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           47800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             50251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       420748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 420748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1051128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1051128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            58073                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            123330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  123330    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              123330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           349185814                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              47.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          311191349                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             42.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       561297                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       261699                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       297550                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             370588                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            370576                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43402                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43399                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            75955                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29152                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29150                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162499                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162497                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                963662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1766434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1757944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1752931                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1758190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1755329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1752897                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1753790                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14054393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          323559                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           561297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.683086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.176196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  53942      9.61%      9.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 251180     44.75%     54.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 141382     25.19%     79.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  68926     12.28%     91.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  30158      5.37%     97.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                  11557      2.06%     99.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                   3492      0.62%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                    660      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             561297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          720580520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             98.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         100512947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         100775889                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         100644932                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         100575951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         100528413                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         100450921                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         100623449                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         100655480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
