
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.148669                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                148668850500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               148668850500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74389                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   124683                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               83737935                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 279976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1775.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   132071192                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     221363384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            225344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            125504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               350848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       225344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          225344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1515745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data               844185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2359929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1515745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1515745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1515745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data              844185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2359929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          5482                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        5482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                   350848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                    350848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            345                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                 364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                 457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                 339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                 333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                 398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                 383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                 344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                 280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    148668756000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    5482                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      306.470175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     178.641766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     326.557853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            448     39.30%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          255     22.37%     61.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          105      9.21%     70.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           70      6.14%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      3.33%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      5.18%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      1.67%     87.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      1.58%     88.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          128     11.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       40930250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 143717750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                     27410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7466.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26216.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     27119437.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                    5027400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    2743125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                  22776000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             9709936080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             4021675470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            85670093250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              99432251325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.842708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   142518159000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      4964180000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      1181750000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    3568320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    1947000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                  19648200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             9709936080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             3821631120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            85845562500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              99402293220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.641253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   142814554750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      4964180000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       888260750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                22385702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          22385702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1554139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             14132286                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                13246709                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             93.733661                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1526841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              22095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  400                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        297337717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27888104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      249064218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    22385702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           14773550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     267343346                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 3703385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         34                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 5713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         48972                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           83                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  26656558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                259176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          297137957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.382061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.790607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                229077480     77.09%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  5080600      1.71%     78.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  4128062      1.39%     80.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  4791015      1.61%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4884919      1.64%     83.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  5103681      1.72%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  5337561      1.80%     86.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  4007445      1.35%     88.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 34727194     11.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            297137957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.075287                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.837648                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 16350382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             230944995                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  26142980                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              21847908                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1851692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              359376016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1851692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 24144395                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               162574126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          34810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  38280834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              70252100                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              350628030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 42505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               62013521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                7956456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 170486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           405834886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             972854229                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        642281329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           4678301                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             259429450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                146405436                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               2386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           2313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 128573116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             89639956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            32032649                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          63973866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         21576036                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  341334735                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                4899                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 266857181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             74594                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119976250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    250511173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           3654                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     297137957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.898092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.364162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           171399069     57.68%     57.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            54278133     18.27%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            33575860     11.30%     87.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            19165859      6.45%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            10861721      3.66%     97.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4344660      1.46%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2227090      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              887493      0.30%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              398072      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       297137957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  235011      7.30%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      7.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                2578157     80.11%     87.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                405217     12.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1211344      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             167292419     62.69%     63.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               790150      0.30%     63.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               7035672      2.64%     66.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             1215098      0.46%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             66512451     24.92%     91.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            22800047      8.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              266857181                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.897488                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3218385                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012060                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          829150425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         457303449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    260922611                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             4994873                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            4335295                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2397328                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              266351243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 2512979                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         18909810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32990369                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       328607                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11516932                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        52167                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1851692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               126137646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               5532810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           341339634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            112602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              89639956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             32032649                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               2212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                2223479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                382778                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         328607                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         684628                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       928175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1612803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             264737771                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              65643847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2119410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     88241442                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 14589088                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   22597595                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.890361                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      264036391                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     263319939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 208896510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 376872402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.885592                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.554290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120026923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            1245                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1559493                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    280830334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.788246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.594394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180946233     64.43%     64.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     57795535     20.58%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14201408      5.06%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11929876      4.25%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4188274      1.49%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2885386      1.03%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       910038      0.32%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1053521      0.38%     97.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6920063      2.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    280830334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            132071192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              221363384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       77165304                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      56649587                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   12326938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    2162459                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 219019985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               797818                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1176721      0.53%      0.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        134111832     60.58%     61.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          772953      0.35%     61.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          7031501      3.18%     64.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        1105073      0.50%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        56649587     25.59%     90.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       20515717      9.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         221363384                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               6920063                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    615300578                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   699132843                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            3156                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          199760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   132071192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     221363384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.251344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.251344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.444179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.444179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                456486870                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               239256029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3277423                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  2057707                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 102994410                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 60201710                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               136869897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                   1689                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                51                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1444.566400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            67084714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              2000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          33542.357000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1444.566400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.352677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.352677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.475830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         134176300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        134176300                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     46570369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46570369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     20513845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20513845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      67084214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         67084214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     67084214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        67084214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           2936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          2936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     66068903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66068903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    130813345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130813345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    196882248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196882248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    196882248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196882248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     46571419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46571419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     67087150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67087150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     67087150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     67087150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62922.764762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.764762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69360.204136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69360.204136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67057.986376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67057.986376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67057.986376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67057.986376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    19.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     36319250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36319250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    127241905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127241905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    163561155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163561155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    163561155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163561155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78613.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78613.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67502.336870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67502.336870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69689.456753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69689.456753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69689.456753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69689.456753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1662.434995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            26645946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3399.584843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1662.434995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.811736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.811736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1977                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965332                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          53321296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         53321296                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     26645946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        26645946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      26645946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         26645946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     26645946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        26645946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        10610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         10610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        10610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          10610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        10610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         10610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    431026999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    431026999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    431026999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    431026999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    431026999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    431026999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     26656556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26656556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     26656556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     26656556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     26656556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     26656556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40624.599340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40624.599340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40624.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40624.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40624.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40624.599340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.629630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    323320999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323320999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    323320999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323320999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    323320999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    323320999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39501.649236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39501.649236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39501.649236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39501.649236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39501.649236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39501.649236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         2641.798011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               4354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.101999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.181969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2328.091219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   312.524822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.071048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.009538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.120575                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            87043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           87043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         4315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           4349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total           10                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         4315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            4354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         4315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           39                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           4354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data          345                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          345                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          5483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         5483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    269302250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     35486250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    304788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    114514250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    114514250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    269302250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    150000500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    419302750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    269302250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    150000500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    419302750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total           10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          347                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          347                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1538                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1538                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         7837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         9837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         7837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         9837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.926407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.475961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994236                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994236                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996749                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996749                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.557385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76462.876207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82911.799065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77161.645570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74699.445532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74699.445532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76462.876207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76491.840898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76473.235455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76462.876207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76491.840898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76473.235455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          345                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225343750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     30127250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6111844                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111844                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     95336750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95336750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225343750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    125464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350807750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225343750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    125464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350807750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.926407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994236                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994236                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63981.757524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70390.771028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64676.202532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17715.489855                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17715.489855                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62189.660796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62189.660796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63981.757524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63979.602244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63980.986686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63981.757524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63979.602244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63980.986686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           8647                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          8646                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          347                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          347                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1538                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1538                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        16021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         4704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             20725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       501504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             630144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                         348                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples        10542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3              10542    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total          10542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        5281499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      12941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       3566845                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        11654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        11654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       350848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       350848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  350848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5827    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7212001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29752405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
