
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059745                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59744560000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59744560000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 336953                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   336953                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227629544                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 304552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   262.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            517248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10147776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10665024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       517248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          517248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7299008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7299008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               8082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                166641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              8657659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            169852720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               178510378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         8657659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            8657659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         122170253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              122170253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         122170253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             8657659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           169852720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              300680631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        166641                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114047                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      166641                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114047                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10664448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7297216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10665024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7299008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     59744533000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  166641                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114047                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    165067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      328.521940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     195.158907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     330.861003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19447     35.57%     35.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11824     21.63%     57.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5661     10.35%     67.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3636      6.65%     74.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2772      5.07%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2160      3.95%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1686      3.08%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1520      2.78%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5967     10.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.740134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      348.174119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7017     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.245939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.230597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.737975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6255     89.13%     89.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 17      0.24%     89.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                574      8.18%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                144      2.05%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 20      0.28%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  4      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  2      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1983100250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5107450250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    833160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11901.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30651.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         178.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         122.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      178.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      122.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81251                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       212850.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  199115280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  108644250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 642735600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                367778880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            12699594585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            24706498500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              42626547975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              713.484810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40950314500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     16799112000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  214197480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  116873625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 656962800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                371031840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            13192492680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            24274131750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              42727871055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              715.180760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40226086750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     17523103250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14679718                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9498983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            392764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10434122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6393495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             61.274873                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1709689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              85822                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20566953                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      96874                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            11                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20663827                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14666692                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9419                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14676111                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35233645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106293                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            11                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35339938                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25640132                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5244                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25645376                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        119489120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1100288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.351105                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.740135                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        91601603                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        27887517                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4070.582702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34615842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.956667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         693853250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4070.582702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          678                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70175650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70175650                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20282569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20282569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34615842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34615842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34615842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34615842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        89439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       369543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       369543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4793461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4793461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21859170750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21859170750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  26652631750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26652631750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  26652631750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26652631750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20372008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20372008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34985385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34985385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34985385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34985385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53594.751730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53594.751730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78039.480871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78039.480871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72123.221790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.221790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72123.221790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.221790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2650982250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2650982250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10919810750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10919810750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13570793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13570793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13570793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13570793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43231.229921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43231.229921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76064.968062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76064.968062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66237.763569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66237.763569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66237.763569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66237.763569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            153858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1932.426254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25484225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            155906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            163.458911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42458251250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1932.426254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.943568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51436170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51436170                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25484225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25484225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25484225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25484225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25484225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25484225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        155907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         155907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        155907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2585038742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2585038742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2585038742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2585038742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2585038742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2585038742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25640132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25640132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25640132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25640132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25640132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25640132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16580.645782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16580.645782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16580.645782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16580.645782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16580.645782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16580.645782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       155907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2348059258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2348059258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2348059258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2348059258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2348059258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2348059258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15060.640369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15060.640369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15060.640369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15060.640369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15060.640369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15060.640369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           132715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30422.088467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             220721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           164791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.339400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26158.947481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2368.396244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1894.744742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.798308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978882                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          4543023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         4543023                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       147824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        33643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         181467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168547                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168547                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12678                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12678                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       147824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          194145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       147824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         194145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        27677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        35760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        166642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    639821250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2235970750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2875792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10643101750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10643101750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    639821250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12879072500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13518893750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    639821250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12879072500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13518893750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        61320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       217227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168547                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168547                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       360787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       155907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       360787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.461885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.461885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79156.408512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80788.046031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80419.239374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81318.300072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81318.300072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79156.408512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81225.742468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81125.369055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79156.408512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81225.742468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81125.369055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       166642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       166642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    538585250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1889755250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2428340500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9006674250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9006674250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    538585250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10896429500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11435014750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    538585250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10896429500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11435014750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66631.850798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68278.904867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67906.613535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68815.224783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68815.224783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66631.850798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68721.608360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68620.244296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66631.850798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68721.608360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68620.244296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         217227                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        217226                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       168547                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143560                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143560                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       311813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       578307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            890120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      9977984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23899328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           33877312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       529334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             529334    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         529334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      433214000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     235419242                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     343262500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            114047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       447329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 447329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17964032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17964032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            280688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  280688    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              280688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           817068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          879892750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
