
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   473250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  473250000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              101630905                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 277340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 80424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 83171                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 80813                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 86214                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 79490                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 82665                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 85333                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 80902                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               659012                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       419392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5460                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5355                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5405                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5451                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5481                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5462                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5450                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            462904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  11055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  11056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                169939778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                175744321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                170761754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                182174326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                167966191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                174675119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                180312731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                170949815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1392524036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         886195457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                11537242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                11511886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                11315372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                11421025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                11518225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                11581616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                11541469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                11516112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              978138405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         886195457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               181477021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               187256207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               182077126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               193595351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               179484416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               186256735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               191854200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               182465927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2370662441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           98988                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54550                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.248330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      391.248330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.764157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    587864141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    587864141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    652231215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    652231215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1240095356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1240095356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1240095356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1240095356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         24862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           69837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          69837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.810984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.810984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.861907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.861907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16117.347727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16117.347727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 27498.259412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27498.259412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20601.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20601.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20601.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20601.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       773904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66096                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.708787                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    531003039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531003039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    615653301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615653301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1146656340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146656340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1146656340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146656340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    646054384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    646054384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    971060215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    971060215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1617114599                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1617114599                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.810984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 14558.398832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14558.398832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 25956.123825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25956.123825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19049.662585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19049.662585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19049.662585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19049.662585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99262                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54743                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.761420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      391.761420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.765159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336589                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    595460828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595460828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    649149772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    649149772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1244610600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1244610600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1244610600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1244610600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.809251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953404                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953404                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.860597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.860597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16324.281821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16324.281821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 27302.732672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27302.732672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20656.408810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20656.408810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20656.408810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20656.408810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       769857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65915                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.679542                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    538442174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538442174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    612498892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612498892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1150941066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1150941066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1150941066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1150941066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    637533564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    637533564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    980538192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    980538192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1618071756                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1618071756                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.809251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953404                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953404                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 14761.141925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14761.141925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 25761.225269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25761.225269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19101.805155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19101.805155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19101.805155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19101.805155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99661                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54617                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.489979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      392.489979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.766582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23791                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23791                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    596108462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    596108462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    646461820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    646461820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1242570282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1242570282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1242570282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1242570282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         24923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.805232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.858125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.858125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16288.451567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16288.451567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 27172.536674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27172.536674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20576.443697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20576.443697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20576.443697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20576.443697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       768951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.653421                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    538960044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538960044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    609774472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609774472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1148734516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148734516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1148734516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148734516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    638400628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    638400628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    959722740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    959722740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1598123368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1598123368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.805232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 14726.891385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14726.891385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 25630.468328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25630.468328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19022.562695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19022.562695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19022.562695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19022.562695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55095                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.627346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.598602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      391.627346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.764897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338542                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    595385248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595385248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    651992109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    651992109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1247377357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1247377357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1247377357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1247377357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         24964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.806801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.858971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.858971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16232.762092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16232.762092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27377.371782                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27377.371782                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20620.193361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20620.193361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20620.193361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20620.193361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       774947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66468                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.658949                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    538014612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538014612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    615289695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615289695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1153304307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153304307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1153304307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153304307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    640462998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    640462998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    962755753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    962755753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1603218751                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1603218751                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.806801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 14668.591853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14668.591853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 25836.224858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25836.224858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19065.086985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19065.086985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19065.086985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19065.086985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99958                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55186                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.917230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.608890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      390.917230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.763510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4               10059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total              10059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4              10059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total             10059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    590532010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590532010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    657391664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    657391664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1247923674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1247923674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1247923674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1247923674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.802902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.802902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.955680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.857145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.857145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16195.376409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16195.376409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 27515.137452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27515.137452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20676.392577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20676.392577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20676.392577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20676.392577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       772044                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66046                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.689489                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    533535272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533535272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    620520370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620520370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1154055642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154055642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1154055642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154055642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    636776082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    636776082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    976656146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    976656146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1613432228                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1613432228                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.802902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.955680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.857145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.857145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 14632.237391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14632.237391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 25971.888917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25971.888917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19121.127363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19121.127363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19121.127363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19121.127363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98793                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54966                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.447401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.584926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      392.447401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.766499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335862                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           24019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    586243376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    586243376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    664085386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    664085386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1250328762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1250328762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1250328762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1250328762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          44698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           69844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          69844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.808627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.955182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.861391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.861391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16219.659584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16219.659584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 27648.336151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27648.336151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20782.353972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20782.353972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20782.353972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20782.353972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       771700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65809                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.726360                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        24019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    529678552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529678552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    626959212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626959212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1156637764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1156637764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1156637764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1156637764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    632837521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    632837521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    970316626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    970316626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1603154147                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1603154147                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.808627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.955182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.861391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.861391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 14654.674413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14654.674413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 26102.635913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26102.635913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19225.067965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19225.067965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19225.067965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19225.067965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99383                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54752                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.299314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      391.299314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.764256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    590611551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590611551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    651380889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    651380889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1241992440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1241992440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1241992440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1241992440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.956173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16161.213600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16161.213600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 27441.584404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27441.584404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20603.039713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20603.039713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20603.039713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20603.039713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       771561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66088                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.674752                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    533644023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533644023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    614831387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    614831387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1148475410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148475410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1148475410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148475410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    641180935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    641180935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    971245186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    971245186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1612426121                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1612426121                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.956173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 14602.381256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14602.381256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 25901.815183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25901.815183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19051.713779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19051.713779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19051.713779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19051.713779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99477                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54915                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.525005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      391.525005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.764697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337629                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337629                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    593716610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593716610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    651325348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    651325348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1245041958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1245041958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1245041958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1245041958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.805819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.954485                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954485                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.858686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.858686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16276.464896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16276.464896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 27316.110887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27316.110887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20640.273835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20640.273835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20640.273835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20640.273835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       768557                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65923                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.658405                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    536729312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536729312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    614614324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    614614324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1151343636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1151343636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1151343636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1151343636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    635643033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    635643033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    965131654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    965131654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1600774687                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1600774687                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.805819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.954485                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954485                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 14714.184609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.184609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 25776.477269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25776.477269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19086.945442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19086.945442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19086.945442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19086.945442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13851                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  783.697862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     151322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.346803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     724.401984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             7.094586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.546674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.606935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.397120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             7.288170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             7.917650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.470007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.974735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.707424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.007429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.007117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.007732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.765330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          649                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1983958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1983958                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  86237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           76857                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                76857                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  346                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  384                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  373                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  367                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  376                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  343                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  335                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2885                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1899                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  2001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  2049                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1890                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1969                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1976                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1906                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2000                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2012                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1921                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15706                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              35170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 41033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                41033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        43733919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        46361427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        45254929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        46924929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        44013419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        46972420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        45169428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        45070420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      363500891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     59896998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     56953495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     54104996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     56752496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     58374994                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     58176496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     54809998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     58271994                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    457341467                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     244729947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     236328444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     237901947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     242524942                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     242982942                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     248203441                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     243651932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     239891953                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1936215548                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        288463866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        282689871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        283156876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        289449871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        286996361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        295175861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        288821360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        284962373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2299716439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       288463866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       282689871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       283156876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       289449871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       286996361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       295175861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       288821360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       284962373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2299716439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              92100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        76857                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            76857                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2315                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2360                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2355                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18591                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                18047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              142950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               18047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             142950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.061180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.065545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.063115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.066447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.061455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.066046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.064091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.061410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.063659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.850540                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.837288                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.836332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.840573                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.841751                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.854352                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.841805                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.855728                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.844817                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.700520                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.683020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.684552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.699476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.688123                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.687414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.692103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.698131                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.691642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.289577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.283180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.282458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.290310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.286025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.291738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.289613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.283462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.287044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.289577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.283180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.282458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.290310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.286025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.291738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.289613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.283462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.287044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 62656.044413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 61324.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 61908.247606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61339.776471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 62341.953258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61887.246377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61875.928767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 62772.172702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61999.128603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30420.009142                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 28822.618927                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 28386.671563                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29329.455297                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 29187.497000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 28914.759443                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 28532.013535                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 29326.620030                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29118.901503                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55094.540072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55113.909515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55006.230520                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55044.244666                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55035.773952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55082.876387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55162.311976                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54882.624800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55053.043730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56121.374708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56044.780135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56004.128956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55975.608393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 56043.030853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56063.791263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56114.505537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55995.750246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56045.535033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56121.374708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56044.780135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56004.128956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55975.608393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 56043.030853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56063.791263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56114.505537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55995.750246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56045.535033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             17878                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     3319                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5.386562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6553                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6553                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                 11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu7               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1969                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1976                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1906                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2012                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1921                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15704                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4410                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         35122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     35173417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     37031918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     36254417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     37641417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     35371412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     37570056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     36289420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     36247403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291579460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     83090959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     83391451                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     80567464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     81939961                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     84801962                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     85113946                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     81126982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     83903452                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    663936177                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    190977391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    184459864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    185520379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    189280870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    189565364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    193586876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    190188358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    187005383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1510584485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    226150808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    221491782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    221774796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    226922287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    224936776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    231156932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    226477778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    223252786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1802163945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    226150808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    221491782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    221774796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    226922287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    224936776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    231156932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    226477778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    223252786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1802163945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    423951568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    418494765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    418742272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    420173606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    417698791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    416045242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    420505761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    416931790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3352543795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    241936896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    242321875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    237941390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    239219888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    241365909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    242888399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    243671384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    242767880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1932113621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    665888464                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    660816640                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    656683662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    659393494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    659064700                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    658933641                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    664177145                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    659699670                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5284657416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.060479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.064852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.062424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.065925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.060846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.065089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.063652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.060811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.850540                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.837288                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.836332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.840573                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.841330                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.854352                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.841805                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.855297                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.699890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.682064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.683444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.698365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.687344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.686041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.691476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.697173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.288901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.282394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.281620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.289580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.285355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.290630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.289106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.282738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.288901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.282394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.281620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.289580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.285355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.290630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.289106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.282738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 50975.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 49507.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50144.421853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49593.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 50602.878398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 50227.347594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 50054.372414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50980.876231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50246.331208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42199.572880                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42202.151316                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42270.442812                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42346.233075                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42422.192096                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42303.154076                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42231.640812                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42247.458207                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42278.156966                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43032.309824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43077.969173                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42964.423113                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43028.158672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42985.343311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43048.004447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43097.293904                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42842.012142                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43009.637407                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44101.171607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 44034.151491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43994.206705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43994.239434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44027.554512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44071.865014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44078.975866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43982.030339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44035.771411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44101.171607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 44034.151491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43994.206705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43994.239434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44027.554512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44071.865014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44078.975866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43982.030339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44035.771411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               84510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            58529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           47554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       421142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 421142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1121847                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1121847                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            56880                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            123632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  123632    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              123632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           285799779                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              60.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          306149550                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             64.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             370575                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            370557                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43514                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43509                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            76857                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29562                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29559                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           161030                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          161024                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                965293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1758906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1769834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1777815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1771618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1766732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1791122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1765164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1788112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14189303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          320901                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           563826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                 563826    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             563826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          445759226                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             94.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         101149991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101191512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         101359906                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         101648274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            21.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         101307289                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         101134998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         101213033                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         101242964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
