
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.134221                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5134220888000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5134220888000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 243170                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   483430                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5119785775                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 964244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1002.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243855553                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     484792888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           442496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           144896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1908224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3143424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11436096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       442496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       144896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       377856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          965248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9176704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9176704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             84185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             29816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              5904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             49116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                178689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          143386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               143386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               86186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1049398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               28222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              371668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               73596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              612249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2227426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          86186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          28222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          73596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             188003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1787361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1787361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1787361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              86186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1049398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              28222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             371668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              73596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             612249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4014786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         87585                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        96690                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       87585                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      96690                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5601728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5458112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5605440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6188160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   11390                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            914                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                5309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                5361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                5275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                5755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               5195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               5623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          29                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5133220754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   87585                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  96690                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     81722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     3751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        38708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      285.721608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     170.408148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     310.834116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15365     39.69%     39.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9282     23.98%     63.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4036     10.43%     74.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2303      5.95%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1514      3.91%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1118      2.89%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          653      1.69%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          582      1.50%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3855      9.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          38708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        24.124587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      196.006736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            3625     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        23.506891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.576033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       38.070070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-15               79      2.18%      2.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            3330     91.79%     93.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-47              63      1.74%     95.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-63              14      0.39%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-79               6      0.17%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-95              13      0.36%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-111              6      0.17%     96.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-127            13      0.36%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-143            16      0.44%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-159            18      0.50%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-175             3      0.08%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-191             8      0.22%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-207            33      0.91%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-223             3      0.08%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-239             1      0.03%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-255             2      0.06%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::304-319             2      0.06%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::320-335             3      0.08%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-351             1      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-367             7      0.19%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::368-383             3      0.08%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::384-399             1      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::560-575             2      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::576-591             1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      973946232                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2615077482                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    437635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11127.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29877.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70024                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     64077                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     27856305.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  138605040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   75351375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 314831400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                270442800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           250017758640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            94326783165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2239415376750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             2584559149170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.799253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3683386249962                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    127820940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     17097201288                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  154027440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   83877750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 367863600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                282191040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           250017758640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            95207179230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2235926942250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             2582039839950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.929569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3682087997664                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    127820940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     18395204336                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       861071319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   71289400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    145467698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            133359316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     922812                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14140303                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   133359316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          244470794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         114705006                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            82965986                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55469495                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13497529                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10019587                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3477942                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              817633663.650796                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              43437655.349204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15408320                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                89223      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                131776877     90.59%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58105      0.04%     90.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    48148      0.03%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10017918      6.89%     97.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3477942      2.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 145468213                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1637783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19710876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1638295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.031335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   144.289579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   344.626695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    23.083132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.281816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.673099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88682212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88682212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4830179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2466757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4264396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11561332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3346491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1735459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      3006073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8088023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        19837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        10092                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        29821                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59750                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8176670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4202216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7270469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19649355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8196507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4212308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7300290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19709105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       348359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       159608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       811619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1319586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       127641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        64125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       133967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       325733                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       145510                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        64697                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       196344                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406551                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       476000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       223733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       945586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1645319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       621510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       288430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1141930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2051870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2193925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11673600356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13867525356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2608735779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4432412697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7041148476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4802660779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16106013053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20908673832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4802660779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16106013053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20908673832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5178538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2626365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      5076015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12880918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3474132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1799584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3140040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8413756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       165347                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        74789                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       226165                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       466301                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8652670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4425949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8216055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21294674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8818017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4500738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8442220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21760975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.042664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880028                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.865060                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.868145                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.871864                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.135264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13745.708235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14383.103841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10508.997031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40682.039439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33085.854703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21616.319120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21466.036655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17032.837894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12707.975676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16651.044548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14104.203456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10190.057768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       161116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            19020                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.470873                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1546722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1546722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       374785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       374834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        32139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       406924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       408542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       406924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       408542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       159559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       436834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       596393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       101828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       164384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        64697                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       192960                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       257657                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       222115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       538662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       760777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       286812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       731622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1018434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1953809500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5644023259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7597832759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2418621221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3692192265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6110813486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    904952750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2733042751                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3637995501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4372430721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9336215524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13708646245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5277383471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12069258275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17346641746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30408890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33050179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63459069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    531811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    800665000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1332476000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30940701000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33850844000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64791545000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.865060                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.853182                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552555                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12245.059821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12920.292969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12739.641074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38663.297222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36259.106189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37174.016242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13987.553519                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14163.778768                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14119.529068                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19685.436468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17332.233430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18019.270095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18400.148777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16496.576477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17032.661661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           877463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.822061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          128690361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           877975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.576339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     150549344000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   275.387940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   146.288168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    89.145952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.537867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.285719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.174113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        130472306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       130472306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     86685680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38800184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3204497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      128690361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     86685680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38800184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3204497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       128690361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     86685680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38800184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3204497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      128690361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       302042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       162655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       439255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       903952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       302042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       162655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       439255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        903952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       302042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       162655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       439255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       903952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2276697249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6082026148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8358723397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2276697249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6082026148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8358723397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2276697249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6082026148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8358723397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     86987722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38962839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3643752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129594313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     86987722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38962839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3643752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    129594313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     86987722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38962839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3643752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    129594313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13997.093535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13846.230886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9246.866423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13997.093535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13846.230886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9246.866423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13997.093535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13846.230886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9246.866423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.539792                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           21                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        25959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        25959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        25959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        25959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        25959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        25959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       413296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       575951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       413296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       575951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       413296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       575951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2031893251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5207377551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7239270802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2031893251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5207377551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7239270802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2031893251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5207377551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7239270802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.113426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.113426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.113426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12492.042981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12599.632106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12569.247735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12492.042981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12599.632106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12569.247735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12492.042981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12599.632106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12569.247735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2606018109                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35373738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     68746890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             63819737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     481772                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6496386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    63819737                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          118130559                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          54973369                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36098608                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           26881383                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4684980                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2884758                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1800222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2483538175.555252                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              122479933.444748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.046999                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.953001                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7152522                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                34380      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 63978277     93.06%     93.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   29063      0.04%     93.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22112      0.03%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2883100      4.19%     97.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1800222      2.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  68747154                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               29503892                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         29503892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           342810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26694805                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25976378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.308739                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 611666                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             68809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       155682865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11322292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     145393707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   29503892                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26588044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    142785185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 717310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                    102884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             8624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        60469                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          854                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3643758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               177822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3817                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         154648109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.849994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.031354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                98977108     64.00%     64.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  881864      0.57%     64.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23689941     15.32%     79.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  607646      0.39%     80.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  853753      0.55%     80.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  859687      0.56%     81.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  584791      0.38%     81.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  755278      0.49%     82.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27438041     17.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           154648109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.189513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.933910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10277895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             94004330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 21519674                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              4891128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                359306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             283040141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                359306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                12341484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               77022094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4867618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 24062417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             12399480                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             281740718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               206678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5855345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 68061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               4394741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          336544944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            615400877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       377780143                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              207                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            323636169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                12908773                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            167322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        168903                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 23920372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6854331                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3831116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           436605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          369940                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 279698877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             432383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                277466645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           109952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9552955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14257252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         68980                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    154648109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.794181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.395462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           91599661     59.23%     59.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5400101      3.49%     62.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3869243      2.50%     65.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3752650      2.43%     67.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           22658386     14.65%     82.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2693281      1.74%     84.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23975807     15.50%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             476523      0.31%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             222457      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      154648109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1665704     85.56%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                217161     11.15%     96.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                64057      3.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            83075      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            266581381     96.08%     96.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               59040      0.02%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                53621      0.02%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 87      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7156038      2.58%     98.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3533403      1.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             277466645                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.782256                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1946922                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007017                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         711637991                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        289688673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    275821613                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               244                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          108                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             279330355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    137                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          727263                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1301667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5946                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5330                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       686178                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       750303                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        28695                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                359306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               71000950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2910946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          280131260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            44826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6854348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3831116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            254274                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                173954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2389293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5330                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        193600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       205490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              399090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            276846611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7005762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           563321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    10447548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                28131020                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3441786                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.778273                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     276647008                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    275821721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                215019240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                352722264                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.771690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9550045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         363403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           345846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    153217834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.765971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.651639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     95448328     62.30%     62.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4376826      2.86%     65.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1280143      0.84%     65.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24626260     16.07%     82.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968124      0.63%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       723433      0.47%     83.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       420249      0.27%     83.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23244515     15.17%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2129956      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    153217834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           137192415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             270578300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8697618                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5552680                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     162630                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27696347                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                247309305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              454335                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        48751      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       261723532     96.73%     96.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56607      0.02%     96.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           51834      0.02%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5552622      2.05%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3144938      1.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        270578300                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2129956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   431186663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  561693850                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         124283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1034756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4900728082                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  137192415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    270578300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.134777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.134777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.881230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.881230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               368834984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              221067360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    73020                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72968                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                140711927                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               108060819                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               90227595                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                143035                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              3553360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             3553360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57725                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11005                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1679                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1679                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      7082618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      7126912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 7225528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      3541309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      3569655                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  6604187                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2698688                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              5333000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            141310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               78000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy            10425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy           116029251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           300958000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            24266250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47574                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.081409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000597695009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.081409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428661                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              909                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125652013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125652013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3845868988                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   3845868988                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125652013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    125652013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125652013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    125652013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 138231.037404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138231.037404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 82317.401284                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82317.401284                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 138231.037404                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138231.037404                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 138231.037404                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138231.037404                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         13512                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2030                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.656158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21024                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        21024                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     86664503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86664503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2752610998                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2752610998                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     86664503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86664503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     86664503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86664503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.819582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.450000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.819582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.819582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 116328.191946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116328.191946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 130927.083238                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130927.083238                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 116328.191946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116328.191946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 116328.191946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116328.191946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   105420                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64829.150073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3714265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   169452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.919275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   51423.363344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.134649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1822.192254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5065.443853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      236.253380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1546.126379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    11.729356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      913.877634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3810.029226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.784658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.027804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.077293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.003605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.023592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.013945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.058136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.989214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977051                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 34034094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                34034094                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             295114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             477769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        12495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             160391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             220397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        66650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        14282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             407368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             616656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2308529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1546722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1546722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             113                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              56                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              89                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            58538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            36097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            64817                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               159452                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         19379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              295114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              536307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         12495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              160391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              256494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         66650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         14282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              407368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              681473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2467983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             295114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             536307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        12495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             160391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             256494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        66650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        14282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             407368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             681473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2467983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            16100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             5904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            13093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                48182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           632                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           496                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1385                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          68358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          26158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          36472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             84458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             30017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              5904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             49565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                179170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            84458                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            30017                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             5904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            49565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               179170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    185117250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    320324250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    506409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1123352250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2138969750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5734849                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6109808                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11844657                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1967190465                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2891355862                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4858546327                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    185117250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2287514715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    506409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4014708112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6997516077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    185117250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2287514715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    506409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4014708112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6997516077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         302029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         493869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         162655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         224256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        66692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        14282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         413272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         629749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2356711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1546722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1546722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          745                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          585                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1643                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        62255                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       101289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           290440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          302029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          620765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          162655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          286511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        66692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          413272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          731038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2647153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         302029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         620765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        12495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         162655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         286511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        66692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        14282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         413272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         731038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2647153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.032600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.013919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.020791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.848322                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.821086                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.847863                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.842970                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.360079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.450998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.022895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.136055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.013919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.104767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.067801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.067684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.136055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.013919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.104767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.067801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.067684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81765.569788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83007.061415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 89690.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85773.882114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85797.926373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44393.544270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22314.587549                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12318.161290                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8552.098917                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75204.161824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79276.043595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37091.537599                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81765.569788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76207.306360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 89690.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85773.882114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80998.852255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39055.177078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81765.569788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76207.306360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 89690.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85773.882114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80998.852255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39055.177078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               96719                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    96719                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        13093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          257                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          496                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        26158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        36472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         62630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        30017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            87792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        30017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           87792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156732750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    272024750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    432457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    959731250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824184750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5165744                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8859994                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14025738                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1640131535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2435332138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4075463673                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156732750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1912156285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    432457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3395063388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5899648423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156732750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1912156285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    432457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3395063388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5899648423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27747826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30174191500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  57922017500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    492354000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    747099000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1239453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28240180000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30921290500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59161470500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.821086                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.847863                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458308                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.360079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.033165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69228.246466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70490.995076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77119.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73248.136856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73301.096005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72497.605516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20100.171206                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17862.891129                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18626.478088                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62700.953246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66772.651294                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65072.068865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69228.246466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63702.444781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77119.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73248.136856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68497.193342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67200.296417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69228.246466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63702.444781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77119.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73248.136856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68497.193342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67200.296417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5119167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5119165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            143386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      7126912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      3041102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       457338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total     10625356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10770337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      3569655                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      6082201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17609408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     27261264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6015616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      6015616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33283596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              789                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            371599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  371599    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              371599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           233199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           303775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           587213160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1313776839                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           24877750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           31                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            7456393                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7455858                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13933                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13933                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1546722                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        21038                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           290440                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          290440                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1755962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     14994862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        74580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       223072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              17048476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     56190016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    213507600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       279632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       823928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              270801176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           69805                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4272022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            3.011152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.105014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                4224379     98.88%     98.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  47643      1.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4272022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2506180983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           318000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         865936683                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1938409360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          26348986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          96467647                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
